I gotta get in here and get these toys off of them bro. I got to I got to please
Just don't even just don't even look
I've never even heard of an angler fish. I got killed by the Kurt angler bro full circle moments like that
Just make this channel worth it
Come
Ladies and gentlemen, I have a hot take to share. I don't know if y'all are gonna agree with or not
That's a hot take for you though, isn't it? The aliens aren't in space. They're in the water, bro
We haven't seen the depths the deepest darkest corners of the ocean quite yet
There's still sea life out there that are undiscovered and when you think about some of the ones that we've seen like an octopus
For example, it seems to have more alien characteristics than not think about it. It's hyper intelligent
I don't know if it's hyper because like they're not seeing me with these but it can camouflage
It's a predator at the same time. It's like think about like a piranha like the hive mind
capabilities it's almost like they've been attacked by cordyceps themselves and they all
Violently chase their target. My point being we should all be afraid of sea life sea critters
Do we have domesticated sea life yet? No, bro
There's nothing out the water that will come up and snuggle with you on the couch
Hell nah, try snuggling the crab, bro
Watch a dick get cut off a lot of my friends have already played this game, right?
PG Joe Corey boys Mari and I believe they've all mentioned how sharks are some of their biggest fears ever
Mine though. I respect the ocean. I'm not gonna be afraid of something that I know
I'm never gonna see that'd be like me being afraid of a motherfucking lion in Austin, Texas
It's like no, I don't have a reason to fear them
If you drop me in the safari, that's my biggest worry out there
Like of course, I'm gonna be afraid and they don't put sharks in the freaking video game. Welcome to sharks and minnows
Let's see if this is gonna erect a new fear in Berlizzi leave the pool. Gladly. Gladly. Gladly. Oh
I mean they just drop you right into it, too
You don't got to do none of that what sharks and minnows about what what's a minnow?
Like none of that, bro. I think a minnow is like like a like a comparable sardine
I think I could be wrong dream from the water fountain. I
Sure would like a cold red said let's get some water instead. That's an excellent pump. I
Hate when I'm at the gym and like the water be giving you dribble its bro. I'm not about to kiss this water fountain
I'm thirsty though. I need to be handing out water bottles in here exit through the locker rooms gladly
Men and women don't be a creep
Yeah, we men ain't we we in here showers restroom and lockers, where's the exit I'm gonna go this way
Is this a college a high school that like where are we right now? Oh
No, it's like it's hella lockers, too. It's got to be like a like a high school. I
Don't even know why there's nothing school related in here. This might be like like a wreck
And it should got money. It's a equinox ain't it damn
It's nice in here
It's actually not that nice now that I'm walking around. It's like a 24-hour fitness. It's decent. They get you get the job done
What the okay
Okay, that's that's a that's a big boy. That's a big boy. Is this supposed to be like realistic life-size comparison?
Oh my gosh. Oh, we got the hey Arnold fish, too
I mean shark moving football head you getting his laps in a good cardio's wrinkly ass head
He oh he oh bro. He should not be an issue. He vibing actually he vibing. Yeah, this the delusion
I would I would approach the safari with he don't got no issues with me. There's not a
Cell in my body that wants to fight him so he shouldn't be threatened, but I got to get my cardio too, bro
So I'm gonna let you unless you finish this next one. I'm gonna jump in. Let's work in together
You hear me
You hear me oh
My gosh, they want me to what is a lap like what he's doing and I gotta go now before he changes mine
Keep going straight, bro. Don't even look at this nigga, bro. Just finish your first lap get get out the don't look
Don't look don't look don't look don't look don't look don't look don't look don't look get you a get you a protein snack
What a protein that there we go get your stamina back
insert dive toys
Dive toys spin at the vending machine who would a guest let me get an energy bar
You know way this this game got microtransaction
Oh
Where my I just get ah
Not okay, I'm about to browse about to lose it there we go
It says finish your second lap
Just do it just do it just do it just do it. Hold on is them dive toys
Look at all the ludin the water though
Why is he still baking hard are
Okay, so what what is that? What is that down there?
Huh he took a shit. What is he doing in the water down there y'all?
Finish your third lap. I guess we got to go see I need I need my my loot though
I would not be me bro, please please okay, okay. Yep
And there's some good loot in here this nigga really took a mud shit in here, bro
He ate one of the energy bars it wasn't good for his digestive tract
He got the BG squirts finish your fourth light and he gave birth. This is like this is a queen
That's a queen in there. Hold on that ain't Jeff. That's Janet. Oh
He just gave birth to two. Uh
Nigga, you couldn't tell me that these aren't aliens bro, please. I'm not gonna make it. I'm not going to make it
I'm not I'm gonna make it. I'm gonna make it
Are you telling me that we have electric glow in the?
What?
Why why is my heart still beating? What am I playing?
Am I sick miss feel like one of them sick fever dreams, bro, and now his boo boo crested up
I mean her boo boo, excuse me
So we're gonna act like an electric eel that glow in the dark and have ugly faces with fat juicy
Lifts aren't aliens, bro. Then what are they deals? I know I know I know but like like think outside the box with me
I have a theory of thoughts turn woman's room valve. Okay
Hey ladies, it's me. It's maintenance knock on the door knock knock knock knock knock. It's maintenance
Please be dressed. I'm coming around
Coming around
It's maintenance
It's maintenance
What game over stingray stingray what those leaderboards up there nah, this this can't be a school, bro
It got to be a wreck or something like that. What do they mean stingray?
Is a stingray in his water hello
The stingray got Steve RP Steve Irwin bro
Do they move like that actually the stingrays I grew up on would be like this
The water bro, you could clearly see them to avoid them, bro
What was he on that nigga part of the I don't know aquatic Marines
Aquatic David Goggins, bro, and he got the one punch kale aquatic Mike bro Tyson Tyson in case you was curious
Get out the water
Look at him
Look at him, bro
He don't kill all the ladies in the locker room, yeah
Okay, okay turn the woman's room valve I
Got bigger fish to fry no pun intended
It's got to be this guy
Pitbull in the water, bro. I've seen it all. How do I turn this up find the missing hand?
Find a missing hand. Well, I can't even move though
Like do you see his excellent understanding of the water?
Aliens are in the sea
Get over there nice jump Oh would not be me if I didn't get this y'all get out the water
The thing is to like I've grown up on like get it get it get it get it get it
I
Know it I knew it. I knew it. I knew it, bro. He know the Lord's one of y'all one unit just put them on to like
How to beat me?
And I hate that for me. How the community is this so I have to get down all the way down here somehow
You go go valve. I'm going to the exit. I'm going to the exit. I'm going to eat
No, no, not that way go this way with it. Yep. Yep, whatever it whatever it take whatever it take
We never dive toy how many dive toys I got I
Feel like mr. Krabs right now. I like it like I know we in a horror game, but they gave me money
for for upgrades
Why does it why does it sound like that in here? Oh my god
I
Thought I was pushing this wood like it like a door
Like the physics is crazy. What is that? That's why are they coming towards me? What the what is that?
What am I what is all that blue shit, bro?
Nah, I'm cool on that bro. I'm cool. Nah, bro. That looked like the 1990s anthrax virus. Oh god
Lord forgive me. Oh
gosh
I need that dive toy all the same now. Yep. Yep
Okay, whatever whatever they get they can see a dive tour turn the Tarzan, huh a minute
I'm scared at the next minute. I need loots. I can't even get that
Whatever, that's not even a dive to it. I should look like I don't know what vape
I'm cool. It just touched me the blue dots just touch me
What is that like like in s-car go in this realm?
Like fish eggs, you know, I'm saying that that's that's cargo, right?
Right, just run just run. Just run. Just run. Just run. Just run
Is the fish gonna get in a like grow legs and walk around
Don't look at me crazy. What's the premise of this? Why am I running through this is a big ass wreck, bro
Now I'm getting a membership. I'm getting a membership. I can share the pool. I can share the pool with bro. What do I go?
I'm gonna actually follow the blue dust
I
Get it. Get it. Huh? Oh
Oh, we out of here we out I
Bro, I can't go that way. Oh, this nigga, bitch
It's not gonna be Pee-wee Herman house, bro, except everybody. Oh, I'm out of here actually I
Hear crying. I don't know why here cry
No!
Okay, so this is what I'm dying by.
I died by splat today.
Hold on one sec.
Why?
Why?
What am I hearing?
What am I hearing?
What am I hearing?
Are you holding in your laughter?
This nigga a hoe too.
He cool though.
He keep me company in here.
Be lonely.
I don't know what I just ran into, but I'm out of here.
I'm out of here, bro.
Get on there, climb up, climb out.
I heard something.
I heard something just now.
Making nasty noise.
Nasty critter sound.
Where's bro?
Where is bro?
He's gone.
Is he transforming?
He's an amphibian, ain't he?
Don't ask me what that means.
Restore stamina.
Okay, all right, we fixed it.
Yep, get you some good loot in here.
Excellent energy bar.
Was I supposed to be looking for loot
in that other dark ass room with the shrimp body?
Nah, I'm cool.
I'm cool.
Yeah, the shrimp body isn't.
Oh, there's no power there.
As in he's gonna be a shark body,
then a f***ing stingray body in a second.
I'm onto him.
It says I can finish my fifth lap, but look at my stamina.
Unless I got a dive toy.
Let me see about the vending machine right here.
Energy bar.
Thank you.
A flashlight could be decent.
It doesn't tell me.
Oh, I have three dive toys in the bottom left, okay.
So a water bottle will restore me fully.
Oxygen tank restores breath when low.
Flashlight and water bottle are my only purchases
I really need.
Oh wow, okay, your offspring are growing.
They're growing.
One big happy family swimming with each other, see.
Do you mind if I get a lap?
Just one unbothered lap.
I'll give you two dive toys for one unbothered lap.
Is that a deal?
I gotta see how ugly this n***a is, bro.
Oh yeah, they captured it perfect.
You see what I'm saying with the fat lips?
Like catfish, bro.
Do you know catfish can get herpes on their...
Why?
Why?
I'm sorry for what I said.
I'm sorry for what I said.
I'm sorry.
Get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, get it.
Finish here, yeah, let's just restore stamina one more time.
Let me get a water bottle, please.
So I can dead ass only...
I can't get stamina back over time.
I have to replenish it.
That wasn't even a full one.
I gotta get in here and get these toys off of them, bro.
I got to, I got to, please.
Just don't even look at them.
Ow!
I've never even heard of an angler fish.
I got killed by the Kurt angler, bro.
Full circle moments like that
just make this channel worth it.
Why did I jump in when she's already sniffing?
Bro, I'm not going down there with that n***a.
No, no, hell no.
Whoa!
Why is it blinking like a...
Oh, what's that n***a name in more Minecraft?
Like a, like a, like a, uh, who cares?
I'm not, nah, nah, that's the setup.
That's a, what?
My stamina's gone!
Oh my gosh.
I know this isn't what PG wanted me to experience.
Mind you, PG told me to play this.
He said, hey, Berlizzi, I got a banger, bro.
You were gonna love it.
Bro, trying to set me up.
Stay there, stay in the ill place.
Yup, stay in the ill place.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, just a good lap right there.
So there's no dive toys I can get out here in the open, huh?
Is it keeping track of my time, really?
Ooh!
It's a good find.
Duh, I'm not jumping in there
to get any more, anything down there no more, nope.
Oh my gosh, I have to, I have to, I have to, I have to.
It's part of the, oh my, can the rock stopper?
Okay, it's all good, it's all good.
I feel like the best.
No, no, no, no power.
Oh my gosh.
Flip the men's room breaker.
Did y'all see that green?
Okay, all right.
It's just lights, it's just lights doing what's going on there.
Somebody was dirty.
Somebody was dirty, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care.
We can get to the lockers before we check that out, right?
Okay, okay.
Good energy right there, nice.
It's a good energy drink right there.
That's a good glow stick right there, sure, sure.
Okay, okay, they got me so twisted though.
They got me so twisted.
Swim team missing, the surge continues for the, for the,
oh God, it wasn't meant to be red,
it wasn't meant to be red.
Hair rod elementary to be converted to a swim center,
so it is an elementary school like this?
Man, never bro, never bro.
Lindstrom Elementary can take notes.
Shut up, I'm a modern.
This is no other choice.
Got all the lockers, huh?
Find the missing fuse.
If I throw this, nah, I can't lose my only glow stick.
I can't lose it, but trying to see what's in.
I'm cool, good sound effect developer.
What's his name, Colin?
Good, good job, Colin, good shit.
I have no interest.
Hey, I can get something out of here though.
It's just glowing, it look like a dive toy.
If I just, I think those are just a bunch of fish bro,
just sitting there.
Can I get my glow stick back?
Oh my gosh.
Dog, come on bro.
You gotta work on your checkpoints.
This is crazy.
Why does it make that sound in here?
The fact that you can even get over there is like,
it's intriguing me.
Oh, and that's kelp and all that.
I don't know where the piranhas are then.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Let's save.
Let's save.
Forget it, we don't need a glow stick.
It's all lights down here, like what?
If it posts me.
Do you think they want me to jump all the way over there?
Oh, look at the piranhas against the shadow.
So if I jump in and then jump out, do they?
Oh, there, nah, nah, hell nah.
Nah, this game will ruin somebody day for sure, for sure.
And PG is sadist on the low bro.
We're having to be like, yeah, no, this is crazy.
Then you don't want to play Elden Ring.
And I know I don't, I know I haven't played,
I just know that I don't want to play.
I just haven't yet, you know, that time is coming.
You know what, do the stars, okay, okay.
Look at me using my brain though.
We got to go this way.
Okay, okay, I like this, I like this.
This is decent right here.
You should have gave these dive toys over here though,
for like exploring the constellation.
It's very quiet.
We're almost too quiet.
Yeah, we just going to keep walking the stars then.
Very beautiful experience right here, I'm not going to lie.
This game kind of reminds me of like, like an amnesia.
Find the missing fuse.
And the energy drink.
Please just let me come back here.
Okay.
Those more piranhas?
Oh bro.
Get out the water, did they move?
No, okay, so I can't tell what's underwater and what's not.
Can I get my, thank you.
What am I even supposed to do when I get over there?
Oh, he's evil, bro, he's evil.
He chill, bro, hold on, let's analyze.
I put bro in a bowl and take him with me.
He too cool, bro, he a chill guy.
This nigga, I'm putting him in the skillet for sure.
I'm, are you going to leave me alone?
Oh, sick.
Ah, good thing I'm a master at this for my, uh,
play Bioshock a little too long, years, huh?
Damn, I'll be looking right now.
He, okay, he studious.
I put bro right here, I throw him in a bowl too.
He trying to evolve into, I don't know, Gyarados.
Whoa, there it is, there it is, there it is.
And then we hit one of those, we do this,
we get that going, yep.
How is that not it?
Oh, okay, okay, yep.
And then we have to do that there.
Now we have to hit one of those.
Are we screwed?
Let me cook, y'all.
What is it?
Maybe it has to be something like this, right?
Nah, bro, we have to open up two sides.
Like it has to be two lanes and I just,
I just don't see the piece that can do that.
This pipe right here has to connect right there, right?
That has to do that, boom, okay?
That means that now this has to go here.
This has to connect right here, yep.
And then if I could just, and if I could just,
and then flip, oh my gosh.
Look at me work, y'all.
Yeah, get the spinning, get the spinning.
A little bit of brain power, you see that junior?
Oh, junior!
There's no way, there's no way.
You're an evil man.
Whoever made this game, you're an evil man.
I showed you the whole game from start to finish
and that's how you do them, you the first one to attack.
Since you're so smart, bro,
what do you think tastes better with piranha?
Would you use lari seasoning salt
or would you use Tony Chacharix Cajun?
Let me know.
Yeah, you can sit here for a while though.
You still getting put in a bowl, bitch, done.
Didn't even show me where the few, hold on, hold on, hold on.
It made the water rise in here, I'm good now.
Right?
I do not wanna throw this glow stick in there.
How else do we get in here?
I jumped and crouched in the air.
I was supposed to probably throw my glow stick
into those grates.
Oh my gosh, I'm just gonna swim to the bottom, bro.
I can't, I can't.
Now y'all gotta give me another glow stick.
Did I crawl through, I crawled from here,
or no, I fell out from up there.
Let me see something.
I really got rid of my glow stick, bro.
What is this, a crop circle?
Good jumps.
Oh my gosh, I don't, let's see what's in here.
Nothing yet, I gotta go for it.
Pull all the pins, pull them!
It's in here, no!
Now I'm following you, I gotta see what your goal is.
So he doesn't care about like,
oh my gosh!
You're so confusing.
Okay, we gotta try, we have to try.
Come on, bro, come on, come on and leave.
We have to cook.
Okay.
I got two pins, I got two pins, I gotta locate them first.
We got a little bit more time.
Okay, we couldn't get three, we couldn't get three, it's okay.
I just refused to like.
If they thought I was gonna sit there and actually try
and understand that puzzle,
they got another thing coming, bro.
I'm trying to get the fuck up outta here.
What is this, a fuse, let's go!
I only got two toys, I'm outta here.
Okay, get a little bit of air, let's go.
You know, as scary as this moment is, you know what I'm hearing right now in my head?
You know, as scary as this moment is, you know what I'm hearing right now in my head?
He tried me!
Is that air?
Oh no!
They're everywhere, so many current angles everywhere, get me outta here.
Ain't no way, bro.
Dog, don't tell me this.
Oh, thank God, okay.
Hold on, I think I seen some.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, good water bottles, good water bottles.
Nope.
Man, that is just such an iconic like, so many iconic OSTs.
Like if I was a rapper, I would just take every like classic video game and flip that bitch.
To like, I don't know.
Some Jersey shit, or like some Cardo got ran some trap, I don't know, bro.
It would just be all some cool shit, though.
Nice.
At least be the men's room again.
Oh, it's not one of these, is it?
Huh?
So it is just...
Aha!
This is insane.
This is amnesia coded for sure.
I can find some stuff in here, yup, yup.
Don't be foolish.
Matter of fact, new lockers too?
Oh, now it's Equinox.
There's no way.
There's no way.
That's what I have to do next, is go in there, bruh.
I came out of that room.
This is just gonna take me back.
I can't even leave that way right now, so we have to slide down there.
Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo.
Just run fast.
Okay, okay.
Ooh, okay, I'm gonna slip and slide with it.
Man, I'm standing up.
Bro, that used to be the most fun shit to try and do as a kid.
I love how he might have to get the guys to try and do that too.
Ooh!
I see y'all.
I see y'all over there on a little date.
A little fish date.
Look at them!
Look at them!
I wish I would try and climb over there.
I don't care what's in that room.
Um, I don't wanna just fall.
You start to remember where I came from and like,
and okay, okay sure, sure, sure, sure.
So we're back with the men's breaker.
Which would be, yes, yes, put the fuse in there.
Get me out of here.
Straight to the exit.
finish your seventh lap there's three more laps of this okay not much has
changed in here how you doing are you doing this room for you in here why can't
I okay okay they'll dumb fast right now there's a baby shark doo doo doo doo doo
underwater bro did you see that I know I'm not crazy I'm not to ask questions
like that like nigga did you miss it finish your eighth lap all they need are
two more laps please please everything that is holy and divine let me just
breeze past them okay eels is chilling right now I just I can't even see that
fat ass no shark coming out of nowhere bro so I'm just gonna look left is that
cool with everybody restore stamina with what dive toys whoa I got three of
them give me that bottle and look at that look at that a fresh pool for me
finishing my final nah now it's just back to normal I'm gonna wait till you
make all the way to the left all the way to the corner and then I'm gonna go for
mine how was this my ninth lap it's nine times Berlin like when I talk like
that I want y'all to know I'm just being y'all right now no no no no no oh my gosh
leave wait a minute what does that mean leave where oh my gosh oh my god where
where swim to the horizon if you're unlocked you're unlocked is that is that
the point of the game is that the point of the game
the round I'm swimming to the lighthouse the eel look at the eel why are you out
here like this that's a fully maturity on now I'm not even get out the water
you got you gotta get air you gotta get a mega-ladon bitch what is my final lap
even me I have no money just just I don't know kick it like who's gonna
reprimand you for that break the glass look at him that must be her man out
there waiting on her she was spending all her time with me bro you jealous I
gotta do something to let him know I'm not a threat brought on what's your girl
peace offering
if your eyes peeled go down go down go down where where where where where eyes
peeled eyes peeled eyes peeled where where where where get air get air get
air get air go back get air go back where yet oh how do I beat this swimming
okay so that's the exit that's the I'm going the whole wrong way bro here we
go see I'll keep the glow stick this time so bro right here no I'm on one of
him we from the same we from the same egg bro chill dog I glow to dog
get air we almost there keep going just keep swimming just keep swimming get
air go back in just keep sweating every time he give me my character turn look
give up it would never be me I'm at least on a glow stick in his mouth like
you go you gonna leave here with some acid in your stomach something bro what's
in the glow stick lava right I can't find him when I'm down there I'm dead ass
there's no juke moves I can do there's nothing Oh headphone users I'm sorry for
that one I got me sometimes he'll go around me sometimes he won't I'm just
gonna go left to right not even gonna worry about him maybe he'll just swim
right by me let me get around bro let me get around bro he's dumb fast all of a
sudden cool cool cool gotta get air I'm so done with this game I gotta see how
somebody else did this everybody that I've seen beat this just stays at the
top of the water it's like this they just stay like this
yeah it's my stamina it's my stamina I'll never be able to beat this cuz my
stamina is twisted bro it was my stamina the whole time so you know what
I'm gonna do instead come on yep yep I'm lunch I'm lunch I'm not even gonna
sprint I use stamina regardless I can't beat this there's no beating this bro
oh please bro thank you bro I'll take it I'll take that I'll take a little candy
bar behind the machine I'll take it get the corners
come on candy bar
it hates the light that there this entire time threw me a bone it hates the
light I should have been got rid of that I should have been got rid of that
I'm such a jackass no don't don't talk to yourself like that bro don't talk to
stuff like that we know no better it's the first time playing this that's the
common denominator nobody had nobody had a damn
I'm so Wow sometimes in life you just gotta laugh at yourself like that bro
wow wow wow that's crazy that's crazy lap 10 finish your 10th lap
hey hold on let me put both headphones in for this look look you survived
again that flashlight did you win it wasn't even a flashlight a glow stick
everybody talking shit can blow dick hey I didn't know I messed up as I was
running from the mego the megalove oops I meant oops I meant that nigga that I
was flirting with his girl in the swimming uh yeah I liked her she had my
baby she had two earls yeah we're gonna end that freestyle right there ladies
and gentlemen there you have it that has been sharks and freakin minnows yeah no
sharks are terrifying the size themselves like the size comparison was
all I needed to see for me to never go in to see I'll leave that's all no I
show speed I guarantee you will see him painting a shark before anybody else on
this planet brother nigga do everything bro ladies and gentlemen if you enjoyed
that video make sure you slap that like subscribe if you're new with that bell
so when I post more videos bro I love y'all and I will see you in the next
video peace y'all
you
