Atlanta is known as one of the top 5 barbecue cities in America.
I thought the city was known for some chicken wings.
Apparently it's not.
Well today we will be pulling up to some of the most
oldest legendary barbecue spots in the city
from way back in the 90s to the early 2000s.
I'm talking about I wanna see grills, smokers,
juices and berries flowing out the meat.
I wanna talk to owners, talk to locals
and most importantly I wanna see straight tenderness.
Personally I'm not hooked to the barbecue scene
so this really isn't about the hype.
I just wanna see which barbecue spot run the city.
So with that being said, let's get into our first location.
Okay, okay, we good?
Whoa, it's cold, but it's cold.
First destination, y'all.
We is at Fox Bros.
Would it ask y'all to see right behind me?
Fox Bros. opened back in 2007.
The owners started cooking in their backyard
during catering events before opening their
first brick and mortar.
Now if you was to look up the best barbecue restaurants,
Fox Bros. is most definitely popping up.
But if you ask anyone from Atlanta,
nine times out of 10,
we not gonna recommend this spot.
If somebody wants to walk up to me right now
and ask me, LJ, what's a good barbecue spot?
I wouldn't know what to tell them, to be honest.
That is one of the main reasons why I'm doing this video.
Let's go ahead and make our way inside.
I currently can't feel my left hand right now
so let me clip this back on and we gon'
hold up, hold up y'all.
I just peed something.
I don't smell no smoke.
I don't smell nothing from the grill.
It's a major red flag.
I don't smell nothing.
See what we finna get ourselves into, man.
As I got closer and closer,
I still didn't smell no barbecue.
That's crazy, but anyway, on the walk-in,
I asked the host to put me down for the next
available seat by the window because
it was pretty dark in there.
All right, cool, thank you.
But luckily as I was walking out,
I caught one of the pit masters and I asked him some questions.
Quick question, do y'all smoke everything in the morning?
We did, well, most everything.
So this is our oiler, it always takes our brisket.
We always smoke brisket on it.
Right.
And then we've got three southern prides in the back.
One of them does poultry and chicken.
Gotcha.
All poultry, I mean chicken and turkey.
The other two do pork.
Gotcha.
With the crazy weather we got going on right now,
we got a few things that are a little abnormal
than from what we do, but our typical day
is we start at six in the morning, load this up,
and it cooks all day long.
We load up the ribs and the chicken in the morning
and then we cook pork butt overnight.
Gotcha, I appreciate it.
What's your name again?
I'm Jamie.
LJ.
As soon as we wrapped up that conversation,
I got a notification that my table was ready.
As y'all can see, I am seated.
They got a whole lot of artwork.
They got trophies on the wall.
They got a little bit of everything on the wall.
I ain't gonna lie.
Y'all wanna know what's so crazy though?
I still don't smell no type of barbecue.
I'm scared to order at this point.
This will be the first meal of today, y'all.
Basically my breakfast.
Fox Bros got a pretty decent menu.
They really got everything barbecue related.
My waitress came over, explaining everything.
They're giving me the best option.
So we gon' go with that classic combo.
Two meats gon' be real and brisket.
What size you like?
I like the collard greens.
That sounds good, yeah.
All right.
All right, cool.
Let's go potato salad.
The Brussels sprouts for sure.
Let me get a six count of wings.
If brisket, you do get an option.
So you can get it sliced lean, sliced fatty,
or you can get it chopped.
Sliced lean or sliced fatty?
Never had a browned fried just go fatty.
Fatty?
The lady told me to go fatty,
so I'm going with the lady seed.
I pulled up at a decent time.
It wasn't too crowded, too noisy.
It was a smooth workflow going on.
I even ran into a couple of supporters in there as well.
What's up, right?
10 minutes later, my food was ready.
Okay, okay, okay.
We have our food.
We got six wings,
potato salad,
Brussels sprouts.
Brussels sprouts smell like butt.
Oh bro, they smell like a little piece of ass.
It's like, ew.
Three ribs, a slice of brisket,
and some bread on it.
I don't know which one I want to try first.
I don't know what it was about doing dry rub wings,
but they was calling my name.
So we going with them first.
Hey, Bella.
They got a good smoky taste to it.
There's not too much seasoning on it,
but they get the job done for sure.
But they're walking around here with a ski on.
Should I be concerned?
Plain, giant dry rub wings.
I ain't even had no blue cheese, no ranch, no name.
I'm glad she suggested I go half and half.
I'm glad.
Hickory smoked barbecue sauce.
They playing with me now.
How the last wing I had was tender.
And this one tastes like they made it yesterday.
But this drum, chewy.
I got them chewing on a piece of gum right now.
I'm going to give them benefit of the doubt.
Maybe it was just that one wing.
Dry rub for the wing, y'all.
Hey, y'all know what's so crazy?
I was finna get the whole six piece sauce.
Normally I'm not a fan of dry rub wings,
but for this go round, they was on point.
Nice and smoky and good flavor into it.
Moving into this tater salad.
My fault.
Potato salad.
I be having to catch myself because y'all quit
to catch me in the wrong.
Oh, LJ, you didn't pronounce it correctly.
I'm sorry, where I'm from, we say tater salad.
Okay, different.
For sure it's different from what I'm used to.
Off top, I can say it's more tangy than anything.
The mustard and the dill pickle they got in here
made it super tangy, but it's not that bad.
Me personally, I like a little bit of both.
I like sweet and tangy.
Excuse me.
Is this feta cheese?
Yes.
All right, cool.
Feta cheese on top of brusche sprouts.
Ain't bad.
I'm a huge fan of these brusche sprouts.
It got like a sweet barbecue glaze on it
and it's topped with feta cheese.
This most definitely the best side I got right now.
They don't smell the best,
but they taste very good.
I literally can't put these down.
Brusche sprouts caught me off guard.
I was not expecting them to taste that good
because normally you don't see brusche sprouts
on a restaurant size menu like that.
Moving into what they really so-called known for.
I haven't had ribs in nearly three years
and I don't remember them being this short,
but so far I haven't used no barbecue sauce on anything.
If the barbecue is really good, you don't need no sauce.
I mean,
I guess, how can I explain this?
It's tender and it's dry at the same time.
I don't taste too much seasoning,
but it does have like a honey barbecue glaze on top.
The way the internet height this up is crazy.
I don't understand it, but hey, we here.
I know it's hard to believe that
and I just cleared out the whole bomb,
but hey, hey, chill on me, chill on me.
Mind y'all, I haven't pulled out no barbecue sauce,
no ranch, no blue cheese, no nothing.
I been eating everything plain giant.
Everything tastes all tender,
got a little bit of fat on it, juicy, flavorful.
It's a tad bit too salty, but I can deal with it.
The only thing I really wish
is that they would have cut a bigger slice.
They could have gave me a bigger slice, bro.
They penny pinching on some brisket, bro.
No question, the brisket is most definitely
the star of this meal.
So I just continue eating my brisket and my Brussels sprout
and my server came back and she told me
she got something special for me.
All right, y'all, in front of us,
we have the most famous, is it just me?
Or every barbecue spot is famous for banana pudding?
Ugh, see, this is why I be going with that plasticware.
Some of these restaurants can't be trusted with silverware.
Wow, they almost got OJ.
I don't even know why I did this to myself.
Bro, you gonna get the sugar enos.
Yes, you gonna get diabetes enos.
And I only took one bite.
They went way too heavy with that banana pudding mix,
the creamy mix.
They went way too crazy with that sugar.
Just wrapped up inside of Fox, bro.
I don't really understand the hate that it gets.
I give it like a standard meal level.
I ain't gonna lie, that brisket we have was on point.
It was on point, Kayla.
Shout out, Fox bros, man.
It was real cool.
So with that being said, oh my God, this win is crazy.
Let's head to our next location.
Let's do it.
Now for this next restaurant,
it's been around for a long time, but it's new to the city.
Let's see what Lewis Barbecue time out.
See, you're here, you're taking this to go.
I'm gonna eat here.
So how did the whole process go?
You get all your sides on the tray
and then I'll move you down to a meat slicer.
They'll take care of sandwiches, proteins,
anything else you need.
They got drinks and everything down there too.
Gotcha.
My heart.
Who set me up?
No, they not fresh.
I'm telling you, they under the heat lamp.
First off, the service was great.
She was very helpful, energetic,
and she let me try all they sides.
Let go of collard greens for sure.
Once I selected my sides, I went down the line
to figure out which protein we was gonna get.
What we working with over here?
They hooked me up with some brisket
and I ain't gonna lie, it was true.
What's you suggest I get then?
Cripples?
Yeah.
Pork ribs are fire, I like the brisket.
The brisket is fire, the turkey is really good.
Turkey is fire.
That's what I was saying, that's mine.
So them three right there?
Yeah.
All right, let go of it.
She basically just said I should try
a little bit of everything.
So we went brisket, smoked turkey, and ribs.
And in my opinion, this the coolest part
of the whole process.
I'm talking about straight butter,
just seeing that knife go clean through all that meat.
Hey yo, what the fuck?
Paws, bro, twah, so cheap.
Excuse me, yo, but O.J. be tripping sometimes.
But anyway, look at this beautiful barbecue.
All right, when we got situated,
I got a chance to interview one of the managers
of the restaurant.
Hey, I'm Colin.
I'm one of the managers here at Lewis Barbecue
in midtown Atlanta, Anci Park.
So right now, I got a little bit of everything
a friend of my faith.
Yes, I got ribs, brisket, turkey.
Collard greens, mac and cheese, and.
We call that our fixings.
Fixings?
Yeah, so it's pickled onions, raw onions, and pickles.
Okay.
So all made in house here.
All right, what's your favorite thing to get out of the meat?
Meat wise, my favorite thing is probably the ribs.
The ribs?
Yeah, I'd say that the top seller,
what Lewis is known for, probably briskets, number one.
But my personal favorite, I just love ribs.
I mean, really all our meats are awesome,
but if I had to pick one,
I'd probably say the pork ribs.
How long y'all been in business?
So we just opened December 8th.
December 8th.
So call it a month and a half.
We are new, new.
Yeah, baby.
Yeah, we are new, new here to Atlanta.
We're the third Lewis Barbecue.
So the original locations in Charleston, South Carolina.
I read about that.
Yep, that's been around for about 10 years.
I read about that.
And then in the summer of 22, John Lewis
opened another location in Greenville, South Carolina.
Greenville.
And then this is our third location here.
Okay, cool.
What made y'all come to Atlanta?
I think it's a great opportunity.
I know John had been, he's been looking for about,
I think about five years,
looking around Atlanta to find something here.
And he just thought there was a great opportunity
to bring Texas style barbecue to Atlanta.
And so wanted to do something in the city.
And so that's kind of how we ended up
kind of in this midtown location.
So we're right in the heart of everything.
So within the month, y'all been open.
According to plan, it has.
Yeah, we've been super busy.
The next big thing right across this breezeway here,
you can see the sign Bar Lewis.
So that is officially opening six days from now.
Full service bar, beer, wine, liquor, super cool space.
And so yeah, that'll be next Wednesday.
That's cool.
Yeah, I like a setup too.
I've never seen a setup like this,
but you just go down the line and pick your own.
It's a really efficient way to serve a lot of people.
And we like it because the food is in front of you.
The guests can see the food.
And also when you're in front of that slicer,
it really gives you the opportunity to really again,
see the meats, visually see them and say,
oh yeah, give me a little more brisket.
Give me another rib, et cetera.
And so that's why we do it kind of what we call deli style.
Deli style, yeah.
We weigh out the meats, let people see it
right in front of them.
It's a fun experience for the guests.
All right, cool.
Well, I'm gonna go ahead and-
Yeah, well enjoy.
I've been to it.
Thanks so much.
Enjoy the food.
Yes, sir.
The meat is right there, okay?
All right, cool, I got you.
All right, thanks so much.
Yes, sir.
Shout out Colin, he was real cool.
I was an unexpected interview.
I didn't even know he was gonna be there.
I'm Peyton, Peyton.
Peyton, she the goat, y'all.
She put me down to everything.
From everything on my tray to the sauces.
Which one's spicy?
None of them are really spicy.
This one has a little kick to it.
The green chilies actually sweet.
It's been two to three minutes for y'all,
but 15, 20 minutes for me.
I've been chopping it up, meeting new people.
I haven't even tried a lick of food yet.
We have been talking to people for the last 20 minutes.
I know my food is cold.
We still gonna try our best to enjoy.
But once again, we got real smoked turkey, brisket,
mac and cheese, collard greens,
slice of bread and the onions and pickles and whatnot.
By far, this is the best looking barbecue plate
I have ever seen in my life.
Starting off with this pastrami.
This is the belly.
This is why I say Peyton the goat, y'all.
She just giving me samples of a little bit of everything.
I didn't even ask for the pastrami.
Based off of the pastrami,
and I don't even like pastrami like that.
I know this food finna be good.
Next, we moving into this mac and cheese
and I know for a fact, it got cold on me.
Why the mac and cheese salty?
I had to go in for a double take
to make sure I wasn't tripping.
I'm not the big fan of the mac and cheese, y'all.
It is heavily seasoned.
And to be honest, I'm just not used to seasoned mac and cheese.
It's not like it's bad or anything.
I'm just not used to it.
This is my first time ever having seasoned mac and cheese.
I can't say it was a little awkward.
Everybody just in front of me while I'm eating.
I don't know what they was doing.
But next, we gonna try this smoked turkey.
Turkey Valley, I ain't gonna lie.
It'll be much better.
It'll be 10 times better if I had it straight out.
The smoker, they pulled it out of.
But other than that, great seasoning,
good smoky taste and it's nice and tender too.
Moving into this beautiful looking rill.
Oh my God.
Do y'all see this?
This is exactly why I had to put rills down, bruh.
Oh my God.
When I say them rills was the most tenderest, smokiest.
Rills I done had in a minute
and it had that honey barbecue glaze on top.
But as I was destroying my food, we gained some company.
Shout out to her lunch break with me.
Is she gonna get in trouble?
I don't want nobody getting fired on my bf.
Well it's too late, she just got fired.
Tell them what you got, bruh.
All right, so we got a turkey right here
with the green chili sauce and then I did the fries.
And on the fries, I put the mustard cheese sauce
in the Thousand Island.
Normally I would do a loaded fry.
So I would put chopped brisket over the top
and then my sauce, but not today.
We gotta go to the gym later.
Now I get some tenderness about this brisket right here.
See, now that brisket, it could have had
a little bit more seasoning to it,
but for the most part, it was valid.
I don't know how this said it may gonna turn out.
It's 100% my fault.
It's not even like I did anything bad.
It's like I didn't do a proper review.
It's a whole lot of moving parts going on
that let my food get cold.
I'm over here on the whole date right now.
I talked to one of the owners
so I couldn't get a real experience.
I promised you everything I just consumed
within the last five minutes is over at seven.
And the start of the meal is most definitely those ribs.
So we just had a date.
Just packed up my food, put it in the to-go box
and we gonna warm this up later, later on.
Man.
All right man, all I'm saying is
shout out Lil Pain, man.
And my dog, man.
My first time experiencing Louis Barbecue,
I am most definitely coming back.
Y'all have a great thing going on over here.
That's been our lease.
We is moving into our last barbecue restaurant
and this is most definitely an old school vibe.
We is at Fat Matt Real Shack.
This restaurant specifically holds
a very emotional spot in my heart
because last time I was here, I was with my pops,
my grandma and my brother.
And I had to be like only two for one.
And what's so crazy when I was doing my research,
this wall right behind me, this little familiar,
it's like I seen it on a picture or something.
And I was 100% right.
I just know the last time I came here was in that photo.
And a little side note before we go in.
I don't think I ever been to a barbecue restaurant
where the size was good and the meat was good.
It's either one or the other, the barbecue good
but the size mid.
But the size be good and the barbecue mid.
So it's like, I don't know.
Fat Matt Real Shack founded back in 1990.
Famously known for they fall off the bone reels
and live blues music.
It's just an old school spot.
You may catch your grandma here off the walk-in.
You can most definitely tell this gives an old school vibe
from all the trophies, articles, and even wall art.
They even got a show going on later on over here.
Everything good, but the real, we know for the real.
The real chicken, the sausage is good.
Is it like a plate or I gotta order it separate?
You want the combo right here?
It's the same thing.
Yeah, let me get that.
Let me get that.
And you said the sausage was good?
Smoked beef sausage?
Yeah, let me get that too.
Eyes wide, what you like side wide?
My favorite is mac and cheese, collards, baby.
Well, there it is.
15 minutes later, my fool was ready.
He got the goodies in the bag.
The process was real straight forward.
I basically asked for the highly suggested
and she told me to go with the combo,
but the combo didn't come with no sides.
So that's basically like a half combo.
Basically, I don't know.
As y'all can see, it's a whole lot of history
within this restaurant.
And they so old school,
they still put their stuff in the brown paper bag.
As I was unraveling everything,
it just kept smelling better and better.
We got chicken, ribs, smoked beef sausage,
mac and cheese and collard greens and some bread.
These folks just slap bread on anything.
She said they known for they fall out the bone real.
So let's see what we getting ourselves into.
This is the driest rib I have ever consumed
in my life.
I don't know, it probably just that real, bro.
I find it kind of crazy
cause they known to have fall off the bone ribs.
I don't know if I caught them on the run,
they or something,
but nothing about that real was fall off the bone.
They got good seasoning, good sauce,
but like texture wise, it's kind of dry.
Does this even count?
No, they cheated me off a real, no.
What is this?
This is a stick.
They gonna meet on here.
Not too big of a fan of the ribs.
I don't know, maybe if I had them fresh out
and like the real quality,
there's not too much meat on here.
Moving into this, this bird we got.
I got a feeling this is gonna be dry too, y'all.
Hey.
God damn.
I ain't even wanna eat that without no barbecue sauce.
I was 100% right.
This is extremely dry.
Without the barbecue sauce,
it just tastes like grilled chicken.
Y'all think they gonna let me down with the sausage too?
It's very hard to have dry sausage, bro.
I don't think I ever had a dry hot dog or a dry sausage.
Out of all three I got in front of me right now,
the sausage is the best one, y'all.
No gap.
I don't know if these store bought or what,
but this the best protein I got on this plate.
But I ain't gonna lie, they barbecue sauce,
shrimp, that sausage and that barbecue sauce, great combo.
All right, let's try these sides, bro.
First up, we got mac and cheese.
Mm.
It's a perfect cheese blend, in my opinion,
and cheese sauce.
The mac and cheese was valid.
I was surprised.
I thought that was gonna be dry too.
Moving into these collard greens, they look real plain.
This is most definitely somebody grandma recipe right here.
It tastes like home.
I ain't gonna lie.
The meats I got, I ain't really too much hitting on them.
I gotta get a size credit.
I don't know if I caught fat matte on a bad date,
but I wasn't too impressed.
So I just patted up everything and she laid it out.
I was really looking forward to the reels being
fall off the bone, but we saw how that went.
And the chicken was oh so dry.
What I said before I came in here, y'all, is either or.
The size was gonna be better than the barbecue,
or the barbecue was gonna be better than the size.
But for the most part,
I enjoyed every single last restaurant we went to.
Of course I had different experiences,
but everybody's services was top tier.
So with that being said, I appreciate y'all tapping in.
Make sure y'all sub up to the channel.
She-Boy, LJ, I'll catch you on the next one.
Yeah!
What up, LJ?
What up, LJ?
LJ!
