Put your cups up. Y'all ready? Y'all ready?
They want a glueless install? They're gonna get it.
Ooh, I'm feeling spicy. I'm feeling plump.
I'm feeling like a sugar plump.
Mmm. Bite me.
I don't know what I'm gonna eat.
You know what I'm gonna eat?
Put your number on the phone.
I don't know. It just felt like so satisfying.
What's good, y'all? Welcome back to my channel.
It's Payton, and today I'm back with another video.
Y'all, I really, deeply, truly apologize that I've been gone for so long.
I'm gonna be real with y'all. Your girl been going through a lot.
But we back. We better. We restocking. We're baked.
It was like a mix of me going through stuff while I haven't been posting
and me waiting to restock items on my site so I could get this promo in for y'all.
And you know, we almost there. We almost there.
Mentally, we almost there. And I'm baked. We almost there.
So, I feel back. I feel good. I'm back in my groove.
I'm back to these consistent uploads, okay, y'all?
And another thing too, I've been streaming so much.
Like, it's been taking over my life.
But I didn't forget about y'all, okay?
Like, I know a lot of y'all been complaining, Payton, where you at?
Why you ain't been posting? What's going on? Where we at?
Where we be? AHHH!
I'm sorry. Today's video, as y'all have read by the title,
I'm getting ready to do another Hi. Get ready with me.
And today we're gonna be installing this really bomb wig from
La Dula Hair Wrap.
La Dula. La Dula Baby.
I'm not gonna hold y'all. This is probably like my tenth wig install from them.
Like, y'all know, like, La Dula Hair is one of those companies that I really trust
for the glueless wigs, the fire wigs, the bomb wigs.
And today, they blessed us and they sent me this really bomb burgundy wig.
So, I'm so excited. I'm looking at a hot ass mess right now.
I don't got nothing on. I don't got no wig. I don't got no eyelashes. I don't got no bra.
I just look horrible. I do. I'm gonna keep it real.
We're gonna turn this zero into a hero by the end of this video.
Y'all are gonna be like, damn, that bitch is really like catfish as fuck.
But that's what I want. We're here to see that fire transformation, okay, Payton?
Okay, period. I don't give a fuck.
The fuck. Yeah.
Mine feel like it. Yeah.
And I'm feeling cute in this little dress that I got.
Like, ain't this dress so cute?
Oh, oh, oh, oh. It's from Shane, if y'all are wondering.
But yeah, y'all, so let's go ahead and get started with this video, okay?
Before we get started, though, I honestly am just gonna cut some time
and just do my lashes off camera.
And then I'm gonna come back and we're gonna get started with the wig install.
We're gonna get high. And then I will be back in like 20 minutes.
And then we're gonna really get into it. We're gonna get into this makeup look.
We're gonna get into this hair look.
Because I'm really excited. This wig is burgundy.
So yeah, sit back, like this video, subscribe, and let's get into it.
All right, y'all, I'm back. And look at the lashes.
Ooh, aren't they, Eden?
If y'all wanna know the lashes that I use,
I use these Alphonse lashes that I got from Amazon.
They're super cheap. I'll link them down below in my storefront.
But yeah, I really do like these lashes. And I like them.
I did the 100MM because these lashes come with like three different,
they come with three different, like, volumes.
So I use the 100D volume clusters.
So I've decided I'm gonna smoke and then I'm gonna do my eyebrows.
And then I'm gonna do my hair. And then I'm gonna do the rest of my makeup.
And then at the end, I'm gonna do like two little hairstyles
because Nadula hair is requesting that, okay?
Honestly, bitch, I'm trying to pull this wig out the box already.
Like, let's get into it. Oh my god, I'm so excited to do burgundy.
I just did red, but the red hair that I did, like, it was so fucking bright.
But this is like true burgundy. And burgundy is like my color.
Like, I'm gonna be doing my eyebrows red.
And I'm gonna do my eyebrows before I get high.
Because I know like once I get high, I can be fucking shit up.
And I don't wanna fuck my eyebrows up.
Like, I do wanna be a bad bitch. At the end of this video,
it might be a couple of makeup mistakes that I make.
But listen, I don't want it to be the brows, okay?
Um, so these are the colors that I use.
I'm about to do this super quickly though, so stand by.
Alright, so I just did my brows.
And now we gonna get into getting high, bitch.
I rolled my little blunt. I'm gonna be smoking off camera.
But if you guys want to see the extended version of this video,
make sure y'all click that link down below.
Or just go to www.patreon.com slash paytippy.
To the uncut, uncensored version of this video, okay?
And chat, also by the way, like, I didn't wanna say too much.
Like, cause I don't have it on my site yet.
But Baked is about to drop some flour.
And I did just use some white runts.
This is not the official packaging, so I don't even wanna show it.
But I did just use my white runts.
Oh, I'm about to be, I don't know about you.
Okay, and I rolled all my Pay Bae rolling tray.
Isn't that so cute? I mean, I guess it's not Pay Bae,
but I have these on my website, okay?
And we got the grinders.
We really have everything, if you think about it.
We gonna have everything too, coming really soon.
I don't know if I was just sweaty, but my makeup was so oily
when I was in fucking, why do I wanna keep saying Costa Rica?
When I was in Turks and Caicos.
Cause I went to both recently.
Vlog coming soon.
And I also have my Costa Rica vlog on my backup channel, if y'all don't know.
I've been posting my travel vlogs on there.
I just touch my eye and it burns.
I need like a lot of this.
All those dark spots.
We gotta cover them.
It's never that serious.
Can I just color correct my whole face?
Alright man, it ain't that funny.
Okay, we gonna let this dry.
I can listen to the music for a long time.
I know I need to go back to my little like room sessions.
Y'all taking shots? Hold up.
Bro, I'm so sad that I did not get to go to Streamer University.
I applied.
But I was like maybe just my video wasn't good enough.
But next year, I think he said he's doing another one.
So next year, I'm gonna try really really really hard.
Because I feel like I need to be there.
Like even looking at the people that's there like, I need to be there.
It looks so fun.
It looks chaotic.
It still looks fun.
I feel like chaos is needed.
Yes, next year I'm manifesting it.
I'm a beater.
You know, I didn't get accepted this year.
But I felt like it's just not my time.
But it could always be next year.
Next year could be my time.
So yeah, I've deleted a lot of good videos.
Chat.
I've deleted a lot of good videos.
Trying to get my monetization back.
And they deny me every dime.
Oh my god.
And it's because I'm not deleting all my smoking videos.
Like I'm pretty sure that's why.
Because it just says drugs and dangerous content.
Showing weed and shit involved like it's never gonna happen.
That's why I try so hard now to like do my Patreon.
Like not showing me smoking too much.
I feel like Twitch is a lot more lenient.
I like that.
They just give you a little label.
But they don't like shadow ban you or demonetize you for like smoking and shit.
So I like that's like one thing that's cool.
My social media journey has been a lot.
Like the amount of times that I've lost accounts.
I've been banned off every platform at least once.
It's crazy y'all.
Because I got a strike on my backup page.
Paybay vlogs.
I got a strike on that for the GTA content.
They don't play.
My plan though is to.
I'm making like a new YouTube page for my GTA content.
Basically like little episodes.
So that's like my next plan with the GTA content.
And like moving it to YouTube.
Why should I run for my Aquarius man?
If you're dating an Aquarius man.
I think you should run because Aquarius men are inherently evil.
They will abandon you.
And come back.
And abandon you.
And come back.
And abandon you.
It's crazy like.
These days I can't even face a blunt.
Like am I like a fake smoker now?
I feel like I used to smoke so much.
And I've kind of just like toned it down.
Like I didn't even smoke this that much.
And I feel so high already.
I just feel really really high.
I haven't even made it like through half the blood.
Julian.
What's happening to me?
Should we take a shot?
Should we take a shot for the video?
I think the high is giving me anxiety.
I hate when I get high and I feel like that.
It's gonna go out.
It's gonna go out.
But like I be feeling like this feeling in like my chest.
That kind of take over my body.
I basically prepped my face.
We about to do this unboxing for this hair.
So let's just take a shot.
Like I don't know what the fuck bitch.
Put your cups up.
Y'all ready? Y'all ready?
In this super cute Turks and Caicos shot glass that I got.
Let's do it.
Am I?
And now I feel like I'm about to be drunk.
I basically put this orange color corrector everywhere.
Wig unboxing.
Yep.
Oh my god.
I can never forget about Nadula hair.
Ever.
Ever.
Ever.
Okay.
This is a dark burgundy.
And it's a frontal.
Oh my god.
It's over with.
Oh my god.
It's a frontal.
Oh my god.
Oh no.
It is burgundy.
It's very dark.
Supposed to be a pre everything wig.
Pre colored.
Pre plucked.
Pre curled.
Okay.
Now what they're saying makes a little bit more sense.
We gotta we gotta link the install and there's bangs.
I'm just so lazy to install like a whole frontal right now.
But fuck it.
Maybe I should try to do it with this tape and just yeah.
I'm just gonna use my lace spray.
I'm not gonna go spawned it because I just I'm not in the mood for go spawned.
It comes with like tape pieces on the ends.
So I'm assuming I could just tape it.
And the way that this lace is set up like you don't really even have to cut it around your ears.
This wig also comes with an elastic band and a drawstring.
And this drawstring be drawstringing.
Make sure when you pull this drawstring down that you put this little piece right at the end of it.
So it really stays.
I've tried a bunch of their drawstring wigs.
I like them.
They definitely make your wig feel super like secure.
I've never tried their wigs with tape though.
So wow and it comes with layers like this looks like purple.
This looks purple like and now I feel like my eyebrows are the wrong color for it.
We don't see it's like deep purple like it looks more purple than it does red.
But in the pictures it looked like burgundy.
It's like burgundy purple is definitely like purple and red mixed.
I'm gonna have to like adjust my eyebrow color a little bit because I did like red red burgundy.
But this is fire like I love that it already comes with curls in it too.
But the thing is like when I do these wigs I like to have a ball cap.
I didn't prep with a ball cap.
I'm panicking and I don't know how to use tape.
Should I just try it without it?
Let me just I'm gonna try it without it.
I don't see.
I just have a regular ball cap on.
Oh yeah like you don't even have to cut out your ears for this.
I don't feel like doing all of this.
I'm lazy so we're gonna try to do a lazy frontal install.
But I definitely need like a darker.
I should have did this before I got lit.
I'm fucked up.
Why did I take a shot?
And now I'm hungry and drunk and high.
Am I bleeding?
Oh my god I'm bleeding.
What happened?
Oh my god.
We're gonna make it happen.
We are.
It's gonna work.
They want to glue this install.
They're gonna get it.
I'm high and I'm stressed out.
Let's just let's just try to spray it and just hope that that just magically changes everything.
I'm scared for the outcome with no ball cap.
But we gonna see.
20 minutes later.
I'm too high bro.
That shit feel crazy.
I don't even understand how to use this tape.
I'm about to just.
What?
We're not finishing by 8 but you know maybe 8.30.
Wow.
Life could just get any harder.
I'm not gonna lie I actually really like this color.
It's really pretty.
I need to get my comb.
Alright.
I'm happy now.
Okay.
7.37.
I look, he made my whole makeup orange.
With this fucking color corrector.
But I needed to hide these spots.
I got so tan.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my god.
How did I get so tan?
Like I feel like I don't match my makeup shade no more.
Turds definitely did it.
I got tan lines.
You can kinda see them.
Not really but like.
I'm faded right now.
Should I take another shot?
My foundation.
If my foundation gets on anything is over with that stain is never coming out.
I don't know why I thought this hair.
I didn't even know this hair was coming.
Couple curls in it.
Look I'm gonna take the shower draw while I'm baking.
I'm about to hit my butt again.
My outfit is too cute for the stream.
So I shouldn't wear this.
I'm so high so I don't really have much to say.
Typically I think you know doing your makeup with some music playing is the best part.
Ew I already have some powder in here.
The block is hot today.
Oh my goodness like.
Okay.
Hey Siri set a five minute timer.
Five minutes starting now.
So now we have to try to make something of this hair.
It came with curls in it but they did like fall.
So I already kind of have like a little curtain bang.
I can never perfect this.
I don't know how to do it.
We got like three steps left.
We got this.
Y'all ready?
Y'all ready for y'all shot?
No.
Okay.
Let's say after this shot we got a lock in.
So fucking hard that we just locked.
That was good.
Oh my gosh I fucked up.
Wait.
This was supposed to be the next step.
Because this shit dries so quick.
I feel like this has been like a challenge for me to be like on time and I feel the challenge.
We almost done.
Oh my god this is my fucked up lipstick.
I feel like a lighter lip liner.
Why is it so hard to put back in right now?
Oh my god I did it.
Sorry Chad that I'm so quiet.
It's because I'm just high.
I'm high.
And I'm just trying to focus.
I just blame being faded.
I feel like it's probably not going to make that much of a difference.
There's some curls in this and I hope I don't fuck up.
What's up Kyle?
Okay.
Oh I'm feeling spicy.
I'm feeling plump.
I'm feeling like a sugar plump.
They're dual hair.
They really do it every time.
I'm never going to hold you.
They do it every single time.
They do it every time.
I feel good.
I look good.
Hey there.
Hey there.
Hey there.
When I make these videos I sit here with no music and I listen to the block being hot.
You know I can hear the police.
You're going to find it.
I know you are too well.
I'm honestly surprised that all it took was some spray and some tape to lay this frontal
down.
And the tape is actually taping.
I'm not going to hold you.
I think I finally learned how to do it correctly.
I'm kind of happy about that.
I'm loving this look.
Should I wear some poop earrings?
I've got to take a picture, a little selfie or something.
I feel like I should wear some hoops.
This look is eating, I just want to say shout out to Nadula Hair because they did that.
This looks so good.
And it was so easy to put in.
I never used like wig tape correctly but it really was not that hard.
It was easier when I just like pilled it.
If you want like a true glue-less wig, the tape comes with the wig.
So you can get it, peel it the first time.
You peel the first part off.
You stick this onto something and then you just peel it halfway.
It took me a minute to do it.
I'm not going to hold you.
Duck this side on the lace and then I removed it.
And you cannot tell, you cannot see that.
I have tape.
And it comes pre-plugged, pre-bleached, pre-layered.
It comes with the curls too.
So you really just can take it straight out the box and do a little hairstyle just like
this.
Let's get into the two buttons.
Let's see.
Or should I do a half lip half down?
Maybe I could do both.
I could do both.
I could do two buttons and a half lip half down.
You know, it's like little messy, sloppy little buns.
But I feel like if you really take your time and do this hairstyle, it could come out a
lot cuter and more even.
But me, because I'm just high and faded and impatient, I'm just, I believe it like this.
Honestly, I feel like this kind of also gives me Coachella.
I think this was the last time I did a hairstyle like this when I went to Coachella.
But the hair was a little bit more stiff, if that makes sense.
This hair is very fine and silky.
So I feel like it was kind of hard to get these buttons to stay up.
You know what?
I didn't think of this, but I should have fucking made them a little bit frizzier.
I feel like that probably would have made it easier.
But yeah, y'all, this hairstyle is super cute.
Let's move on to the next one.
All right, moving on, just going to do a half lip half down.
I'm going to do like a little bun stuff.
I mean, not bun, Jesus.
I'm going to do like two, like a little bang.
This was it, y'all.
Oh my God, we finally finished.
This video was so damn long, but it's cool.
You know, I just wanted to bring out these little looks because this hair is honestly.
I'm not going to lie, this color is fun.
I love that I was able to low key install it pretty easily.
You know, let me know which look y'all are liking more in the comments down below.
The first one, the second one or the third one.
And let me know if y'all are going to check out with Nadula hair.
I'm not going to hold you.
This, like I said, is like my 10th review for them.
This was, this is definitely one of my favorite.
Because they sent me because of the color, like this color is everything.
I thought this was going to be a glue list, like an actual like glue list closure.
But this is a glue list frontal, which I've never really tried before.
Yeah.
And I did only use this spray and some of the tape that they sent me.
So if y'all want to do that, but yeah, y'all, I hope you all enjoyed this video.
Make sure y'all go and shop with baked.
Okay.
Y'all can get everything and also pay based store, all your smoking needs and necessities.
These little grinders, my cute ass Roach clip and the rolling trays.
I want to say ashtray so bad.
Like I've said ashtray like three or four times today, but I have ashtrays on there too.
So I got everything.
We got it all.
So yeah, y'all.
I love y'all so much.
Please don't forget to like this video.
Make sure y'all comment down below and don't forget to subscribe.
I love you guys so much for watching.
Shout out to Nadula hair.
Shout out to Nadula hair for sending me this wig and make sure y'all check the information
in the description box down below to shop with them and get this wig.
If y'all wanted to, you can have it.
All right, y'all.
I love y'all so much.
Bye.
