I'm gonna try to have a good night.
I'm at the fort.
Anxiety so he's always like.
What's up y'all?
It's Peyton and today I'm back with another video.
Y'all I'm not gonna lie.
I am starting off this video with an attitude like I'm just being rude with y'all because
I hate when shit just don't go how I want it to go and I'm just kind of stressed out
right now.
Um yeah I'm not having a good day but I'm gonna try to have a good night by the end
of the night.
Yes I'm gonna try.
Deep breathe, deep breathe so I don't get mad.
So I am currently getting ready to go to Paris's birthday.
I'm gonna bring you guys.
I decided to bring you guys along with me this weekend because I'm doing a couple fun
things so I'm currently getting ready for Paris's birthday.
She's having like a sleepover tonight and I'm gonna stream it and I was supposed to
be there at eight but it's eight o'clock.
It doesn't start until nine but I was supposed to be there early to like set up and stuff
but realistically I'm probably not gonna get there until like nine or nine thirty and I'm
just irritated because I thought that I bought some like pajamas for her birthday and apparently
I never checked out the car.
And then I got like a same day delivery from Fashion Nova and then I paid like an extra
twenty five dollars and then this shit is talking about it's not gonna be here until
tomorrow.
What?
Bitch give me my twenty dollars back.
Honestly just cancel the whole order.
It was like I don't even need brown pajamas.
Outside of that.
I literally don't know what to do right now because it's eight o'clock.
I'm gonna quickly do my makeup.
What the fuck?
This shit says that it's gonna arrive at nine oh seven.
I'm about to just quickly do my makeup y'all and then I'm gonna be on my way.
How crazy am I if I just leave the crib in this robe?
I don't think I'm that crazy.
I need to go and buy her a gift.
I'm literally being late's final boss.
That as I am being late's final boss bro.
This is sick.
I'm gonna be done with my makeup literally in ten minutes so I don't really have anything
else to do.
I'm already packed.
I got everything packed up and yeah the stream looks like it's probably gonna start at nine
thirty but yeah I'm like rushing to finish my makeup now.
Alright I'm just gonna stop talking finish and then we're gonna go to the stuff.
Really quickly I recently purchased this lip stain from Setu but I got clover instead
of hazel.
I'm not gonna lie clover eats.
I think I like it.
A lot better.
People always ask me like why do I put additional lip liner on top just because it looks cleaner
but if my lip liner comes off you wouldn't even be able to tell.
I'm gonna check out it all.
Alright.
What are we doing?
Hey!
Hey y'all!
I'm Redneck Sister.
Alright.
Let's go.
You're ready to go.
You're not gonna like it.
I'm ready to go.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm ready to go.
I'm ready to go.
Okay.
Let's go.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Let's go.
Okay.
I'm ready to go.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm ready.
Hey.
Hey y'all.
Hey y'all.
I'm a lover
She bought a choice
I'm a lover
Take the whole thing
Cheers
Never want to tell them
Bro, even if I was on time, nobody would have been ready
This hasn't started at 8, it's 10.37
That's how you get a smoke
Hello?
Yes!
Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday!
Thank you!
Look my way too, Happy Birthday!
Thank you!
If you got it, it ain't a question
Oh, it ain't no off-aggression
Don't move more than emotionally or vastly
Showing you all my imperfections
Oh, this ain't your turn
It wasn't even all that good, like it wasn't even all that good
Look, I bit the fork
I bit the fork
What?
Bro, this show was good as fuck
I feel so revitalized
Okay, I'm glad y'all feel rejuvenated
That just gave me so much energy
This was so good
Let's get the check
That was too good
Let's get the bell
Happy Birthday to you
Cha-cha-cha-cha
Happy Birthday to you
Happy Birthday dear Karen
Happy Birthday to you
Cheers!
I'll be back tomorrow
I'll be back tomorrow
I'll be back tomorrow
I'll be back tomorrow
I'm getting W-Stream
Even though Kayla tried to call her boring
We're not gonna listen to what she asked us to say
I did say that, in the beginning
When it comes to negativity
Bye Mary
Shout out Perry for her birthday
It's time for grandma go to bed
Grandma just died
You're not even a grandma
I'm ready to go to bed.
Good morning, y'all.
So today is Saturday.
I'm about to go to Legoland with my sister, my mom.
I'm honestly gonna go to Legoland with my family.
I'm not gonna lie, I feel like I'm really be on here
showing my family and stuff like that, but I am today.
It's my nephew's birthday.
Well, his birthday is next week on the 27th,
but today we're going to celebrate for his birthday
and I'm taking y'all with me.
I did have to leave Paris' Airbnb.
I woke up early and shit and came over here.
It's 11 28.
I'm honestly kind of proud of myself for being up,
but I know I had to make it for my nephew's birthday
because I haven't seen him in so long.
I haven't been seeing my nephew like that and I miss him.
So yeah, I'm going with my mom.
We driving out to San Diego and I think she just got here.
So I'm about to go downstairs
and we are gonna go to Legoland.
I'm mad because my mom is so annoying, bro.
I'm trying to eat, smoke in the car.
She already talking about don't smoke in the car,
smoke in the house.
Like girl.
It's so cold.
I'm happy I wore this big leather jacket.
Say hi.
Hi, we're here.
I've never been here before.
Come on big mom.
Fun fact, I hate kids.
Say hi vlog.
Hi.
Why are you just getting nervous?
Smile.
It's a microphone.
And I have this really amazing shirt.
What?
It's a big star.
Yeah, it's a camera and a microphone.
So you on a camera?
You want to do it with my phone?
What's that?
Baby shirt.
That's her.
I'm not gonna lie, this is pretty impressive
to just be made with Legos.
I'm always trying to touch you even though I gotta stop.
I should have took an edible.
This probably would have been lit.
I'm gonna get a picture of each other.
It's so high for me.
I want it.
You want to help him?
Thank you baby shirt.
We invited.
Thanks bro.
It's Peyton's sister and we're at Legoland.
I'm taking over the stream today.
We'll go for a little bit.
I like what she does best.
Being a great teacher.
Got moms in the house.
We're finally getting on the one adult ride here.
I'm gonna try to record it but not on my camera.
I had to fly through the halls
because I didn't want to slip down the phone.
That wasn't that bad.
That was actually fun.
I thought it was gonna be way worse though.
There was a picture.
She wants to play a game.
Yep, so she won.
This is the worst thing bro.
Note to self, do not come to children's places sober
when you're not a parent.
Bitch, I need a blunt or something.
But I think we're about to leave anyway.
I'm wondering if I'll make it to Paris's birthday dinner
but I don't know.
It's four o'clock now and her dinner's at seven.
So if we leave at five, I will get back to LA at seven.
So I'm like debating.
I'm ready to go.
I'm not gonna hold y'all.
So I just finished getting ready.
Why?
I'm not gonna lie.
I'm surprised that I made it.
I literally feel like I've been up all day
calm and stressed out.
But yeah, so we're gonna go to town
for Paris's birthday dinner.
The birthday dinner was supposed to be at 8.30.
It's nine.
I don't think I'm that behind though
because they was just in a group chat texting
that they was on the way.
So I am getting in my car to drive there right now.
All right you guys, I am going to continue filming
when I get to the restaurant.
Who's calling that shit?
Who's calling that shit?
Where the fuck the fuck shine?
Where the fuck the fuck shine?
The way I feel right now,
I feel like we need to be all alone.
So if you just playing around,
you need to tell your girl take a fine ass home.
That's real.
Stop teasing me.
Stop teasing me.
I could change your life so easily.
I keep begging you to stay, but you're leaving me.
Y'all, so I just left town and I'm about to go home.
I'm not gonna lie, I'm lit and I feel good
and I'm full as fuck.
So I had a good night.
I think it was a good birthday dinner.
I'm sad though,
cause we didn't even sing happy birthday
for parents or nothing, but we did it yesterday.
So I guess it kind of works.
I was like contemplating kind of going out,
but I think I'm just going to go back home.
I got to wake up for this doctor's appointment tomorrow anyway.
So I'm just like, I get it, whatever.
What's up y'all?
So today's a Monday.
One.
I am on my way to the gym.
And honestly y'all, I wish I could film my Pilates classes,
but our Pilates instructor at our gym
doesn't allow us to film it.
So I really just wanted to start off today
continuing the vlog from a day ago
and let you guys know what I was doing today.
But I'm getting in the car to drive to my class.
I'm already like five, 10,
actually I'm going to be like 10 minutes late
because I took Baka on a walk.
I didn't take him on a walk for the third time last night.
So I wanted to hurry up and just take him on a walk real quick.
I'm not going to lie,
I underestimated how much time you really need to have a dog.
It really be taking so much extra time up, waking up,
making him food, taking him on walks,
cleaning his little eye boogers, cleaning his paws
and how much money it takes for dogs too.
Cause this year I definitely want to get Baka
in some training classes or send him to a training school.
It's so expensive, but it's like at this point,
I either need to spend the money or I'm going to give him away
because he's just too fucking much.
I'm not going to lie, I love this dog, I really do.
But I get overwhelmed because I barely have the schedule
and he also just has no manners and I love him, I do.
I would give Baka to my granny
cause my granny has two kids and they love him.
And I feel like Baka is like the perfect family dog.
So if I gave him to my granny, he will always be happy.
He would never have to be alone.
Cause it's like me, I live alone.
He's really, he has anxiety.
So he's always over anxiety when I leave.
It's a lot, I feel like he deserves like a big family
or I said, train him so that he feels safe by himself.
Long story short though, he needs to be trained.
That's really all it is.
He definitely needs to be trained.
So enough of me rambling, I'm on my way to the gym.
Since I told you guys I can't film my Pilates class,
I'm just going to continue filming after
cause I'm going to go grocery shopping
and then I'm going to make dinner.
And then basically the only other thing I have planned
to do tonight is to stream.
So yeah, and that's basically going to be my day.
I'm hoping that I do something else fun
before the end of this week.
So this vlog could have been jam packed, but yeah,
excuse my dustiness right now.
I will be cute in two hours.
So
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
so
catch me out on us and dive with her
catch me in the whip ride with her
S deficient bumping, being hypnotized with her
fine, you get that job in town
there's only four hours away
take a car
guys, so I just got back home
and I'm about to show you guys
this really yummy recipe that I made
using these lots of ravioli, but I got from Costco.
I've been making this recipe for so long.
It's so quick, it's so easy.
And I feel like this would be like the perfect thing
to show y'all.
I'm not going to lie y'all.
I might get sick and die
died because I bought these last month I bought these last month I want to say in
December but I froze them and I took them out the freezer maybe like two
weeks ago and it's been sitting in my freezer for two weeks so I'm not 100%
certain if I will get sick eating this but we're just gonna see it does say
use or freeze by 1 for 2026 but it was it was still frozen on the 4th of this
month and today I think it's the 28th so it's been in my fridge for two weeks but
as soon as I got it I froze it that's why I'm like I feel like it should be
okay right I don't know we gonna see I'll update you guys tomorrow if my
stomach hurt but yeah so really simple I'm gonna show you guys the step-by-step
and the final result I just use these lobster ravioli I use some cherry
tomatoes some baby spinach I use a fourth of onion really don't eat that
much I also will typically use mozzarella cheese but I just use the last
of my mozzarella cheese so I'm just gonna like try something new and use
parmesan and sharp cheddar I'm gonna just mix these two because I like
parmesan and sharp cheddar so I'm gonna quickly chop up my tomatoes and my
onion and then we're gonna take it to the stove and I'm about to just salt
some water and boil it
you
know y'all this came out so freaking good I'm saying it like I tried it it's
because I've tried this a million times a million different ways and every time
it comes out so that I'm not gonna lie I might do mozzarella and cheddar next
time because the cheddar cheese was so rich when I tasted the sauce this was
everything y'all so let's take a bite and then I'm gonna get ready for
the train well I mean I'm already ready but I'm about to set up and get
everything together
what's good y'all so today I am gonna go get my nails done honestly I feel like
I'm just gonna wrap up this vlog after this I might go get my feet done tomorrow
after I take back I go to the groomer so I'll probably show y'all that too but
I don't know I wish honestly I really wish I woke up earlier so I can get
more shit done in the day but it's 2 o'clock right now and I am on my way to
my nail appointment I just came from my granny's house because she was not
answering her phone and I got worried so I had to go pull up on her but whole
time this lady's phone was on mute she didn't even know I got on mute so yeah my
appointment was it really supposed to be like two but I had to come see what she
was doing I was like actually like I know she just wanted to do my nails
before 4 o'clock today so yeah I'm gonna go get my nails done probably go to
Costco I need to get some pee pads for my dog so yeah I'm about to do that and
then I might go eat
yeah
yeah so I just got to the gym from my nail appointment my nail appointment
took so much longer than I thought it would I know so came out cute though
today we're doing back there I'm just gonna get straight into it y'all cuz
it's 8 45 and I'm trying to get out of here by like 9 45 latest 10 so I could
go home and stream so yeah we're gonna do upper body and I'm gonna just let
y'all see my workout and after that we're going back home
I'm still trying to last exercise and I have like 20 minutes left until 10 o'clock so we're okay
on timing my leg days my other body days honestly the mix of upper lower back and
glutes cuz I like to just throw boots in there every single day I'll workout so
if y'all wondering why she don't have extensions and kickbacks this booty gotta
be fat
all right y'all so I just finished my workout I had a good workout I am about
to go home now and I'm gonna just wrap up everything tomorrow after I take up
to the promor literally going home to shower and get on the game just to chill
a little why don't I say Sunday a chill little Friday night for me and we don't
have a little productive Saturday all right y'all so today I'm quickly gonna go
and get my feet done I'm gonna bring y'all along with me I really wish I got
them done yesterday but it's good I'm just get them done today and then after
that I'm basically just gonna wrap up this video and I'm see y'all next week
or maybe in the next week honestly awesome okay so let's go to the nail
salon
that was basically it for today's video I hope you guys enjoyed it if y'all did
please make sure to give this video a big a thumbs up comment down below if
y'all want to continue seeing me do more weekly vlogs and also let me know what
y'all's favorite part was okay um I love you guys so much for watching and I'll
see you guys next time bye
