That's enough. Stop the ride.
B***h.
Excuse me? What did you say?
It's getting serious.
Um, at this point, it's giving level 5 brush fire warning.
Like...
And my thing is, Frederick Douglass ain't do nothing to y'all.
So why do y'all keep using his picture like it's a joke or something?
He was doing the best, but he could probably what he had.
What?
I'm through the whole hand of my dinner.
This is a hot mess.
Whoa.
You could back up a little bit.
See, what had happened was,
I was all over the...
All over.
So I went to see Beyonce in Las Vegas.
I did my hair the last minute before I got on the plane.
It's hella hot and rainy and muggy in Atlanta.
So my hair was already frizzed up.
We got to Las Vegas and it was like,
my hair was on fire.
And then I went to the counter and you know I'm jumping around.
Hey, bucking.
Bucking.
Bucking.
Whoa.
I come home, I look crazy.
Like...
But...
That's why.
We didn't even have time to really fix the issue
because I had to get on a plane back home.
All right, come on.
I'm leaving.
And that was a whole long journey truly.
And I barely slept that entire trip.
I was there for like two days.
I got home at like noon.
I went to sleep.
I woke up at 8 p.m.
Damn.
What are we supposed to do now?
I don't know.
Four hours went by, I got sleepy again.
I slept the whole night.
So when did I have time to do my hair?
Let me ask the audience.
Today.
Today.
Okay, period.
So now we can really get into this situation.
Full overhaul.
I'm talking scalp transplant.
Um, wig, weed.
Put your best goon on the floor.
I'm trying to go head to head with that.
So we need to really get this together.
So I'm going to do a full kind of restoration of my hair in today's video.
And I think it's pretty much similar to my regular routine.
But I want to add a few things.
I need a little bit of protein.
Ooh, girl, a lot of protein.
So let's just, let's get into the shower.
Merch, merch, merch.
Get your merch.
Girl, go get your merch.
This is at willowm.com.
I realized I was out of my shampoo.
So I'm finna be stuck.
Girl, why'd I got every single thing but the thing I need?
Go disrespectful.
I need the anti-dance of shampoo from Heritage.
But it's not here.
That shit got me so high.
I do have this so over you oil control shampoo.
Interesting.
It has probiotics in it.
Huh?
Aloe vera and papaya extract.
And it's supposed to just like balance your scalp's pH so that you don't
overproduce oil.
I don't know.
I guess this is for the girls who feel like they got oily hair.
I need what I need, sister.
There is all this stuff.
I have this at home so I might just actually just use this.
I didn't know like,
Sarabate made anti-dance of shampoo.
Shaped moisturized some anti-dance of stuff with salicylic acid.
Okay.
There's always the royal oils along the back.
I would rather not purchase new stuff right now.
Like I have stuff.
Going home.
Oh!
Emeril home.
Low key.
This fro is cute.
Like frizzy, big, dry.
You have me right there.
When it's like this, I feel like the shape or what's left of it really gets filled out.
But she gotta go.
So we gonna flood her first with some lukewarm water to loosen up those tangles and start
melting any buildup off the scalp.
I took a buildup on the scalp.
I wish I could band build up.
Anyways, I would be starting with My Heritage by Mindy McKnight anti-dance of shampoo.
But I ran out.
But I'll still link it down below because I think it's a great shampoo.
Instead, I'm gonna be using this bear by Head & Shoulders.
I have to double check to see if it's expired already because I bought this like last year.
It has Pyrethion zinc in there which is kind of like the crown jewel of mild but effective
treatments for dandruff.
It can be used daily but once every four days for me keeps my scalp free of flakes and dandruff.
And it will turn the damn fog master 3000 on.
Seriously guys, that's not funny.
Okay, looks like we about to have a flashback.
Let's go ahead and clean that off real quick.
Then we're gonna rinse the shampoo out of my hair.
You know, the benefit of filming yourself in the shower if there is one or at least
having a mirror in there is that you can see when you're not thoroughly rinsing product
out which is the case here today.
I see now that I really gotta lift my hair up and get underneath that hole.
At any rate, I'm gonna double cleanse with this shampoo like let's hit the Power Ranger
Turbo Switch for once on the cleansing.
I really do want a full restart.
So after raking that shampoo through every inch of my hair, I'm gonna rinse and then
check to see if my hair one, feels clean and two, looks like the curls are bouncing back.
These are two things that I look for when trying a new shampoo because the cleaner your
hair, the healthier it should look when underwater.
And see now this is the part where y'all start calling me crazy for shampooing yet another
time.
But this is sacred y'all.
It's the hydrating shampoo.
I like this because it smells good.
It starts the hydration process and it has really great slip.
And most importantly, it's really gonna finish the job of cleaning my hair.
Like I just know Beyonce be going to sleep with a full stomach after feasting with these
products.
It's a buffet to her.
Like this sh** to her is golden corral.
Anyway, gonna rinse that out and finally add some protein to this hair with sacred to reconstructing
treatment mask.
Crayon for some reconstruction.
Like please sacred reconstruct this whole back to regular.
Now this mask it smells great.
It's really creamy.
So the slip go crazy.
I slapped it in there and put it in a cute little bun.
Make sure I read the directions to see how long I got to keep this in and it's no longer
than 20 minutes.
Perfect.
Hey, have a good day.
Now it's time to go in with sacred moisturizing deep conditioner.
I do this without felt every single time I wash my hair.
Like this is actually my second tub of deep conditioner from them.
I love it so bad.
It's the perfect amount of moisture and it has that proprietary complex of ingredients
to fortify your hair.
If you remember my sacred review, like I talked about it there.
So I really feel it's worth it over something that's just shade butter.
You know what I'm saying?
No shade.
No shade.
A little quick side length check.
It's getting longer sister.
Oh my god.
All right.
Let that sit in there for about 10 minutes and then rinse it out before we go ahead and
style.
And we're back sister.
We are back out of the shower.
Thank God.
It feels like I was picked out of a crowd of zombies and I was chosen to like come back
to life and fight for the other team.
Life has been restored.
Now I want to the fun part, which is to like just do my hair.
Do my hair.
Do my hair.
When I tell you it's been so humid outside, it's been like 60% humidity at least every
single day.
And I'm not complaining because this low key feel like the last hurrah of rain before like
climate change.
What the hell are my background singers?
Give me a second.
Cheese.
Okay.
Okay.
You already know I'm going to be using the do-moo stuff.
Okay.
It can be used to style wet or dry hair.
However, let me turn this back.
I like this best on dry hair.
When I use it on wet hair, it frizzes up so fast.
I keep this on my head for at least like 10 minutes.
Wash and glows, twist outs, TWA, ride sets, braids, pixies, finger waves.
Oh my god.
I want to do finger waves so bad.
Oh my god.
Look, y'all.
I forgot.
I forgot.
I'll show y'all something.
She, she can't breathe right now, but it's a whole right there.
It's a whole right there.
But I bought this because I want to practice doing hairstyles on a mannequin.
I don't know.
It has a little thing right here so you can actually mount it.
I have a tripod and stuff so I'm going to mount it and I'm going to braid her up.
I'm going to learn how to cornrow period this year on other people.
I can cornrow my own hair barely.
Your eyes.
Sister, your eyes are so beautiful, sister.
And your hairline so perfect.
Let me take her out of here real quick.
She was fly hot and sexy and beautiful.
Sister, I'm jealous, sister.
Your hair is gorgeous, mama.
Extentions plus 32 inches.
Yes, yes.
We finna cornrow you down, mama.
Mm-hmm.
We going to give you the doji, sister.
I got to keep her in the closet though because she kind of scared me.
Turn her around.
Okay, let's get started on this hair.
It's going to be really simple.
You know what I'm saying?
Her hair is pretty much dry.
What?
It's best to start with small sections.
The larger the section, the worse my hair will be coming out.
And I don't know what it is.
When the bottle is fresh, you be getting the best wash and go to your life.
Y'all, I finally had the experience of losing my earring.
I got my ears pierced back in October, November, somewhere around there.
And I had been waiting to switch them out for so long because I was still having issues
with this ear.
I literally got them pierced at studs in Ponce City.
You can't get hoops straight out the gate, apparently.
You got to get studs.
So they gave me some studs.
And I didn't even really like them.
But because I was forced to get them and I knew I was going to have to wear them for
like six months, I got like the really nice one.
They were a little bit bigger and therefore cost a little bit more money.
So you can imagine how I felt when I went to go dry my face after washing it.
Slightly touched my ear and realized ain't nothing was there.
Oh my God, I'm going to cry by driving here.
Oh, whoa, whoa.
Let's look.
Let's retrace our studs.
I looked everywhere.
I could not find it.
I just assumed it fell down in the drain.
I didn't want the piercing hole to close back up.
So I ran to Macy's.
I ain't grabbing my shoes.
Jesus.
I got these two little hoops.
Yeah, that's cute.
I want even larger hoops.
Like I want, I want some thick, large, heavy hoops.
I'm excited now that I know I can at least switch them out.
Like I didn't have any irritation.
Like everything is fine.
So let me know down below, like where do you all shop for jewelry?
Online stores that I can like take my time looking at stuff.
Because I hate being like, don't breathe over me telling me what to buy.
Get out of my face.
I hate that.
I literally, when I was going to buy my boots for a cover, Carter, the girl was like trying
to make my outfit happen.
She was like, if you're going to get some boots, I recommend you get some darker colored
boots, some jeans, and then a dark colored belt, and then get a white shirt and then
do the same colors, the belt on the hat.
So that's not what I want, sister.
But I did go to boot barn and I found some boots.
They were really cute.
It's like boots that I would actually wear out.
I wanted some cowboy boots anyway.
So this was like a great excuse.
Literally my first time in boot barn.
It's so nice up in there.
Huge.
The one I went to was huge.
Iles and Iles and Iles of cowboy boots.
Real toe, pointy toe, extra long, curly toe, suede, crop, ostrich.
You can get ostrich skin boots.
What the hell?
I also got a cowboy hat and the nice thing about boot barn is that they will curl the
sides of your hat for you.
They have like a whole section where they make your hat.
You can make your hat.
You just tell them the color you want and the wool blend because certain wool blends
that make them softer and nicer and more expensive.
And then you can put accessories on it.
I said, girl, this is so cute.
The cowboys and the cowboys will be really up in here like there's belts for your hat,
there's little like trinkets that you can like pierce through your hat and keep in
there.
But expensive.
Like I said, that stuff adds up quick.
Sister wheat is due for another haircut.
I was thinking about like trying to cut my hair myself literally today.
I watched like seven videos on how to cut curly hair.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I go to Tori did that in Philadelphia.
She does a really good job.
So I'm like willing to pay her price, but it is like $200 to $300 depending on what
you get.
And I would have to travel up there.
If I was living in Philly, it'd be an easier decision, but fly in the Philly.
Oh my God.
But I know for sure that it's time.
I need a trim.
I'm being honest.
Yeah.
Okay.
I like to do the back of my head first and then I saved the top section for last because
I usually do that part of my hair forward, which if I get a haircut, I'm thinking I definitely
want bangs.
I didn't see it for myself before, like literally ever.
But once I did that last haircut, I'm like, yeah, I think that shape works for me.
It's a little bit shorter on the sides, longer in the back, longer on the top.
And I'm going back and forth.
I'm like, should I cut it all the way back down?
Cause I really love it.
Like this was sick because it looks cute and it was so easy to do.
I was in heaven doing my hair in like 20 minutes.
Like the only reason I will grow my hair back out again is so I can do the style.
So I can like do my twist and the braids and all that stuff.
Like that is exciting to me.
And big hair has a presence.
Although I felt like I got a lot more confident or rather compliment and I guess confidence
when my hair was shorter.
I don't know what that was about.
I had more of a shape, you know, for people to like see and process.
But before my last haircut, I had gone so long since my prior haircut and it was just
looking crazy.
Like my hair was breaking off.
I was so stressed out.
Ooh, girl, it was a hot mess.
I'm trying to avoid that this time around.
So it's like, go get your haircut, sister.
It's been over six months now.
So I really need to go.
I swear I just love to do.
I'll never forget when I had just got my haircut and things were looking very grim for me.
I was like staying at my friend's place after having moved out of Philly just to get some
rest and then boom, a hurricane hit us at her place.
Like the most insane sequence of events was just happening.
I finally got some fresh air in this like Airbnb that I had rented out in Columbia,
South Carolina.
I drove out and I filmed like a few videos there.
I had worked with sacred at the time.
First time I think I worked with Laffin and I really enjoyed one that Airbnb was so nice.
I just remember the feeling of it was like around the holidays.
I was doing my hair and it was taking me no more than like 30 minutes to do the whole
thing.
I had new tools and products to use sacred and this new hair dryer, which I still love
and I want to use literally today.
I was just the best and I can't believe it's literally almost been a full year.
Like we're already going into the fall.
Hoe.
Some are about to be over me.
I still hate.
They got the damn talking skeleton out at Costco.
It's girl is too early right now.
They better be removed or else.
It's too early.
Y'all stop.
But then it's like, no, it's not sister.
It's about to be spooky season all over again.
Also, quick question.
What other YouTube channels do y'all watch?
Who are y'all truly watching right now?
Sometimes YouTube on the back end will tell me like, Oh, your subscribers also like this
person that this person, but I'm like, is that true?
I want to know the truth.
Who the hell is y'all subscribed to?
I need to know what's going on.
If you work at the fucking Pentagon, let a bitch know.
I'm so, so, so careful with the top middle section of my head because that's where I
experienced the most breakage.
I tried to refrain from using gels and all that stuff since my last haircut.
Tori was like, girl, you're probably experiencing a bunch of breakage because you use so much
gel.
Like I was using wet line extreme gel every single week.
And while what line extreme gel is great, I wasn't cleansing it out of my hair.
I wasn't so serious about my cleansing.
I just want to tell everybody now, if you're using wet line extreme gel, make sure you're
cleaning it out of your hair properly.
Okay.
Because I would assume from experience and from the recommendation of my hairstylist that
gel is just a little bit harder to get out of your hair.
So switch up your shampooing routine, get something that's really clarifying.
If you don't over time, you know, all that buildup stays in there and it doesn't allow
moisture to really penetrate.
And then your hair grows crunchy and brittle and it quits all these weak points where your
hair starts breaking off and then you go to the hair salon, you get your hair cut and
they're like, girl, you're missing like mad hair in the middle.
Okay.
Period.
We are done with the hair.
I'm going to sit underneath my hair dryer for like 10, 15 minutes.
Hello.
Hello.
And then I'll diffuse and make sure it's bone dry and then blow dry my hair manually to
separate and add some volume and then we'll be done.
The sit down hair dryer can only do but so much.
The hair is like thick, hair underneath, doesn't get dry all the way.
Take the diffuser off.
Okay.
We are done.
My hair is fully restored, stronger.
It's more moisturized.
Like it's back to, girl, it's back to what it needs to be.
That's what I'm saying.
Like, I think I need bang shot.
Like I need to cut this.
Like, should I just cut it right now?
No, let's not do that.
But we are done.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for hanging out with me and getting my hair back to, oh my God, normal.
It feels so good.
It feels so good.
Follow me on Instagram at will not willy and on TikTok at will on a whim.
Follow me everywhere online.
Just don't follow me in real life because I'm going to just comfort your face up just
like that.
I'm going to comfort your whole body like that.
Maybe I'm not even here.
You're going to be this.
You're going to disappear.
Hope to see you back here real soon for another video.
But until then, bye.
